cloud Data Service: add API key role, linked clusters, and update the endpoint response (#13028)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-release-notes.md

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2023.

> ## March 29, 2023

Author: @qiancai @heibaijian PTAL

**General changes**

- [Data Service (beta)](/tidb-cloud/data-service-overview.md) supports more fine-grained access control for Data Apps.

>     On the Data App details page, you can manage the linked clusters that your Data App can access and specify the role for each API key. The role controls whether the API key can read or write data to the linked clusters and can be set to ReadOnly or ReadAndWrite. This feature provides cluster-level and permission-level access control for Data Apps, giving you more flexibility for you to control the access scope according to your business needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    On the Data App details page, now you can link clusters to your Data App and specify the role for each API key. The role controls whether the API key can read or write data to the linked clusters and can be set to `ReadOnly` or `ReadAndWrite`. This feature provides cluster-level and permission-level access control for Data Apps, giving you more flexibility to control the access scope according to your business needs.
```

Reviewer: reason: "you can manage the linked clusters" 看起来有歧义，可能理解为这个页面上用户可以运维集群

>     For more details, see [Manage linked clusters](/tidb-cloud/data-service-manage-data-app.md#manage-linked-clusters) and [Manage API keys](/tidb-cloud/data-service-api-key.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For more information, see [Manage linked clusters](/tidb-cloud/data-service-manage-data-app.md#manage-linked-clusters) and [Manage API keys](/tidb-cloud/data-service-api-key.md).
```
